( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
So they're still waiting at the ER?
No, you don't have to. I'll call again later.
Just let me out here.
You're still pretty far. Just past the intersection...
In Ah... In Ah!
Excuse me, hold on a second.
Wasn't surgery supposed to start right away?
What's the holdup here?
Hold on a moment, please.
Is our OR still not ready?
Everything's full. The last one got taken by a VIP case.
What is it?
What about a switch or backup team, then?
You can't just leave him like that. Do something!
In Ah.
You can pull strings, right?
Make a call to Haemu Hospital, please?
Please, I'm begging you. Help me out?
[Surgery Time]
[Surgery Time, Current Time, Anesthesia Time]
Rest easy. Professor Yoon is the top trauma surgeon around.
I'll be watching this through till the end.
Thank you, Director.
I'll be off.
[Operating Room]
Are you awake?
Hey.
[Episode 8: Wanting and Resenting]
Catch me if you can.
What is this, a kids' playground?
Hello, patient here.
Just let me rest, please, okay?
Hey, we splurged on this for you, and you won't even eat?
Forget it. Nothing tastes good right now. You three finish it.
Oh, poor baby, no appetite?
Tell me if anything sounds good.
I'll make it for you on the spot.
Hey, by the way, lately...
That woman hasn't shown up?
You know, Ms. Joo!
Right?
She was here all the time when you were knocked out.
Staring at you with this tender look.
But now that you're awake, not once?
Maybe his energy comes back when she shows up?
Your consciousness came back while she was here, remember?
What's going on between you two?
Doesn't look like just a coworker thing.
Something's up, right?
Are you guys more than just boss and employee?
Drop it already. Seriously, please.
Are you getting shy?
Look at you, so cute.
Quit it. Come on.
Smells amazing.
What is this? Am I your trained puppy?
Toast delivery at the crack of dawn?
Hey, you still came, though.
Fear brought me here, fear.
Who sends twenty-plus texts for one piece of toast?
Well, then...
What scared you so much when I was still out cold?
Coming by day and night every single day.
Taking such devoted care of me?
My sisters spilled everything.
Said it was heartbreaking to watch from the side.
Fear, yeah.
It really got to me.
And as your superior...
Protecting my staff means checking the status.
Dead or alive, you know.
Right, purely staff protection.
While you're at it with the staff protection...
Discharge me too, why don't you?
Me?
Yeah.
Easy, easy with that.
Lots of breakables in there.
Stuck in one hospital room and somehow your stuff multiplied?
Turns out deliveries reach the room just fine.
What in the world am I even doing right now?
Why's discharging you falling on me?
The stitches in my abs haven't come out yet.
This stuff is heavy, and nobody else is picking me up.
Isn't this exactly when staff protection kicks in?
Just you wait.
The second those stitches come out...
your labor is mine.
I'll squeeze every last drop out of you.
Got it.
See, that's what I'm saying.
That whole area is seriously undervalued right now.
People might say it's old development talk.
But land never lets you down.
Sure thing.
You can't just leave him like that. Do something!
Please, I'm begging you. Help me out?
Right, brother?
We'll see.
Anyway, this guy always misses the timing.
He isn't keen on tearing that place down.
Lots of folks would lose their livelihoods, I suppose.
Compensation's on the table.
Nobody's just kicking people out.
Yeah well, my big brother's got a soft heart.
Since we were kids, he couldn't walk past anyone struggling.
Always giving in, sacrificing.
Our family's been tough for generations... you know my old man, right?
The fiercest man in all of Korea.
Beats me who my brother takes after.
One thing's certain.
It isn't Dad's side.
Has to be Mom's, definitely Mom's.
Sorry about that.
I'll apologize for him.
He's had way too much to drink.
PR's been contacted. Get the car ready.
I'll bring him down right now.
Ah Jeong, you made it.
Why are you acting out of character?
The board meeting is right around the corner. How can you be this reckless?
Cut me some slack today.
Joo In Ah.
What exactly is that woman to you?
The woman I'd die alongside.
Seriously, not one emergency umbrella in this car?
I'll have to stash one in here next time.
If Ah Jeong's home, why not ask her to bring an umbrella?
No need to go that far...
Looks like a quick shower. I'll just sit it out.
So why did things end with Ah Jeong?
The reason's a mystery to me, too.
She just up and ghosted me one day.
Didn't you ask her why?
You must have run into her at work.
Never asked.
She kept quiet for a reason.
What?
Would you have pressed her till the end?
If it were me...
If I were in Ah Jeong's shoes...
That's probably what I'd have wanted.
There's this weird thing where at crucial moments...
I end up hiding what I really feel.
And at the same time...
Part of me wishes someone would drag me out of it.
Refuse to give up on me no matter what.
A selfish, contradictory feeling like that creeps in.
Why not just lay it all out honestly then?
Are you serious?
So I should go through with this marriage?
Yeah, dead serious.
What's the alternative, run away together?
Kicked out of home, stripped of everything?
That's not the life I want.
- In Ah. - And besides...
Naive thoughts about us lasting forever?
Never crossed my mind, not even once.
So drop the guilt and walk away with a clear head.
Honestly, I'm...
Truly fine.
Probably...
The truth is I don't know how to be happy.
The moment something feels like happiness, anxiety creeps in.
Am I really someone who deserves this?
Fear takes over.
And I hide, retreat.
Misery feels safe and cozy, after all.
Close your eyes.
Why?
Nothing weird, I promise. Just close them.
There.
What do you hear?
Rain, obviously.
Calm down and really focus on it, alright?
Raindrops hitting the windshield.
And?
The car engine running.
A motorcycle going by outside.
And?
Kids...
laughing in the distance.
And?
Your breathing.
My heart beating.
That's how you feel it.
Happiness,
when you pour your whole heart into it.
And look quietly inside.
It's right there inside you, for sure.
It's always sitting there.
Whenever you want to find it,
find it just like this.
Glad to have you back.
You've been through a lot.
Thank you.
You went through a lot.
But your face is
looking better.
Hospital food must have agreed with you.
Skipping the office does wonders for the complexion, doesn't it?
Oh, come on now.
His face was always sharp to begin with.
The whole Audit Office lit up with you back.
Glad to have you back.
I really missed you so much.
Tone it down, way too much.
Don't worry about Mr. Ahn one bit.
Legal is hammering away at this right now.
He's going down hard, count on it.
Word is, even his family cut him loose.
Reaping what he sowed, plain and simple.
You've been through a lot.
Yes.
Hey, Team 3 sure adores you.
Boy, were you ever against going at first.
No, you were dying to go.
Yeah, totally itching for it.
Yeah, that's right.
Good day, Ms. Joo.
Good to have you back.
Yes. Good to be back.
Do you have any plans for today?
Almost didn't recognize you. You're glowing more than usual.
What, was I gloomy before or something?
No, that's not what I meant...
Something good must be in the air, huh?
Like a favorite staff member's comeback maybe?
- Such a warm welcome rolled out for me... - Mr. Noh.
Looks like a long absence dulled your office instincts.
Better whip those back into shape fast.
She still can't stand you, it seems.
All that fighting through the injury for nothing, sad.
Hey, no problem.
This much is nothing.
Noh Ki Jun, Audit Office ace right here.
Thanks.
All right, let's do this.
Every assignment you handed over is done.
[Audit Office, Head Joo In Ah]
[Okey-dokey]
Okey-dokey?
That's harsh.
[That's harsh] First day back from being sick and...
Hard work earns a meal. I'll treat you.
For real?
When?
[Audit Office, Head Joo In Ah]
Friday evening. Come to my place.
What's wrong?
My back is killing me.
Mr. Noh.
Hey, Doo Gi.
Sorry I never made it to visit while you were laid up.
No big deal.
If you took a stab wound...
visiting wouldn't be on my list either, so we're even.
Come on, that's harsh.
By the way...
Got a work thing I wanted to run by you.
Haemu Pharma was your last beat, right?
Yeah, it was.
Anything in particular you were digging into back then?
What are you talking about?
The handover was complete.
Didn't you check the cloud folder?
Yeah.
Nothing in there caught my eye.
Empty?
Right.
Let me look into it and circle back.
- Got it. - Right.
A subsidiary audit case was sitting on my desk, a big one.
Let me see it through to the end.
Get the files squared away on the department cloud.
Once that's done, I'll review and handle the handover.
[Handover]
[No search results were found for files and folders related to Noh Ki Jun Handover]
Jae Hong, you slammed right now?
Listen, I need a favor.
A file I uploaded to the department cloud just vanished into thin air.
Oh, perfect.
What can I get you?
For someone bouncing back from being sick...
what dish helps with the recovery?
Korean beef is the way.
What's on the menu?
Something easy that looks impressive...
simple but with a sophisticated touch?
Just pack up everything on display here.
- All of it? - Practice runs are part of the plan.
Got it.
That folder was deleted two days later.
The trace points to Joo In Ah's PC.
[Haemu Pharma]
[Requires Review: Haemu Pharma]
Whole garlic cloves, here we go.
These are getting sliced in half too.
Slicing them too thin kills the flavor.
Keep them chunky and pile on the garlic.
Eating it that way is good for your health on top of it.
Set the wok on the table.
- A few drops of sesame oil will do. - Oil first...
- One spoon of garlic going in. - Oil...
Oil's missing here, oil...
This tastes incredible, oh my.
Hey.
In this early?
Or did you skip going home altogether?
What's going on?
Back on your very first day here,
what was the real reason you pushed me to Team 3?
Still bitter about the PM assignment?
PM work, by my read, is no small matter.
You've done it firsthand, so the weight of it must've registered.
How much the private bleeds into the professional.
Emotions are tangled in, which makes handling it tricky.
Someone like you,
with that confidence and sharpness of yours, untouched by what others think,
the call was that you'd pull it off.
Turned out the call was right.
That's the whole of it?
Any other reason?
Nothing else, truly?
[Special Audit Report on Sponsorships and Governance of J Care Foundation]
J Care Foundation.
Haemu Pharma backs this medical entity under their CSR initiative.
On its face, nothing wrong there.
Funding hits the place generously, though.
A legal entity with zero name recognition, zero track record.
So I dug.
Followed the trail, layer after layer, doggedly all the way down.
[J Care Foundation]
The structure was twisted into knots, ridiculously so.
At the end of the line, the real owner of this entity is...
Vice Chairman Jeon Jae Yeol.
This entity,
Vice Chairman Jeon Jae Yeol founded it, didn't he?
The floor is yours now.
Is there a connection?
Between this and the reason I had to be moved to Team 3.
Alright.
Your position needs adjusting.
[Noh Ki Jun Audit Team 1 Handover]
[Permanent Deletion]
[Delete Noh Ki Jun Audit Team 1 Handover and all subfolders for good?]
[Noh Ki Jun Audit Team 1 Handover file has been permanently deleted]
Pulling the plug on the investigation, yes, that was me.
But the Vice Chairman pocketing personal gain,
or anything off in Haemu Pharma's internal process,
my read was that none of it held up.
But that kind of...
judgment call shouldn't sit on your shoulders alone.
Reporting up, putting it before the board, running a special investigation,
isn't that the order of business here?
The substance and the fallout would've blown out of proportion,
- with everyone turning into political pawns... - The damage would've landed
on Vice Chairman Jeon Jae Yeol.
Did some kind of favor come your way from him?
He has no clue I even know.
A person as airtight as you
with the line between work and personal drawn crystal clear,
worried that Jeon Jae Yeol might take a hit,
buried an issue like this by your own hand?
Even if I drop it, the lid's coming off eventually, so...
one way or the other,
true to who you are,
set the record straight, please.
Mr. Noh.
- In early today. - Good morning.
- Good morning. - Good morning.
This feels good.
Refreshing.
You're home?
You're late today.
Hey, have you been drinking?
Yes, Chairperson,
this is Joo In Ah.
There's an additional item to be reported at tomorrow's board meeting.
The final motion just passed as well.
Head of Audit, would you like to speak?
There's something the Audit Committee didn't get to earlier
that I'd like to bring before the board now.
Hold on for a second.
Since this wasn't on the agenda in advance,
Director Park Sang Hwan apparently has something to propose.
The floor is yours.
Yes.
Please bear with me for raising this so abruptly.
Due to health concerns,
our Chairman
is currently limited in carrying out official duties.
As a result, a great deal of key executive decisions
have been falling on Vice Chairman Jeon Jae Yeol alone.
Yet the Chairman remains in good standing,
and nothing has changed about him being our symbolic leader
and the spiritual pillar of this group.
With that in mind,
to promote sharper decision-making
and a more stable management environment,
I'd like to put forward MD Jeon Seong Yeol
for appointment as Co-Vice Chairman.
What's wrong with Director Park?
Wasn't he on the Vice Chairman's side?
Looks like he flipped on him.
Quiet down, everyone.
We'll now move to a vote on the motion
that Director Park has put forward.
On the motion to appoint MD Jeon Seong Yeol
as Co-Vice Chairman alongside Vice Chairman Jeon Jae Yeol,
all directors in favor,
please raise your hands.
Director Park.
I owe this to you. I truly appreciate it.
Time for me to get in line, too.
Congratulations, Vice Chairman.
Right, Ms. Joo.
That last-minute surprise threw me off, so it slipped my mind,
but you mentioned you had something to report?
Would you be submitting it in writing or anything like that?
No, there's nothing.
All right then.
Congratulations.
I owe this to you.
I look forward to your continued guidance and support.
The pleasure is all ours, sir...
[This board meeting was wild]
[Looks like Jeon Jae Yeol's people all jumped ship to the new Vice Chairman]
No way.
Does this mean we need sign-off from both Vice Chairmen now?
Geez, who knows where this company is headed.
Doesn't this make things pretty obvious?
The smart move is hopping on the S side.
So I caught wind of this from the executive secretaries,
Director Park had been on the Vice Chairman's side from the start,
but he turned on him this time around.
Office politics are no joke.
Hey, look how this turned out.
What did? Who now?
- Me? - Be honest with me.
I'm on your side.
Yes, that report is...
[Assistant Manager Noh Ki Jun]
The number you've reached is unavailable. You'll be connected to voicemail
after the tone, and standard rates apply...
[Joo In Ah]
[Head of HR Bu Se Yeong]
Do you know what time it is?
Se Yeong.
There's a favor I need from you.
Hey, how can this be sprung on me like this?
Wasn't my U.S. assignment put on hold?
Right, that was just because you were out sick,
so now that you're back on your feet, off you go.
I'm not fully back to normal yet,
and I've still got outpatient treatment to deal with.
There are hospitals in the U.S. too, no need to worry.
The company picks up all the medical bills.
How great is that?
So, has Ms. Joo been told?
About this sudden reassignment?
What are you talking about?
- She's the one who asked for it. - What?
She wanted your U.S. assignment fast-tracked as much as possible,
called me at the crack of dawn.
In exchange, she wanted you promoted right away,
placed at the top branch and the most comfortable team.
Looks like In Ah...
really does care about you.
[1g Gold Bar Giveaway]
So everything up to this point was already cleared in the last audit?
Yes, and since there was a major restructuring this time,
I pulled up a brand-new sheet.
I need a word with you.
Can't you see I'm in the middle of a briefing?
I said let's talk, right this minute!
What's with this behavior?
Hold off until Mr. Ahn is done.
What did you want to say?
Are you really asking like you don't know?
What's going on with the U.S. assignment?
Wasn't it already set for you to go?
It's a great opportunity for you,
and if you're heading there anyway, sooner is better.
At the California branch, you'll get exposure to management work
rather than just government relations.
Forget all that. What's the real reason?
Is this somehow...
about J Care Foundation?
I'm not such a clueless pushover that I can't get the picture.
I was actually beating myself up,
wondering if I pushed you too hard.
I mean, when an old classmate you've barely heard from suddenly shows up
asking for a single favor, it's hard to turn down.
You might feel inclined to cover for an ex's slip-up.
I regretted going overboard because of my feelings.
No, you weren't overreacting.
I don't think...
I can promise to set things right.
Why not?
Worried Jeon Jae Yeol might take a hit?
Does that weigh on you that much?
Are you going back to him?
Like the Little Prince
heading back to his planet to see the rose he raised,
is that what you're doing, going back to Jeon Jae Yeol?
- No, that's not it at all. - Then...
How on earth am I supposed to make sense of all of this?
Is it my job...
to make you understand?
You'll be busy prepping for the assignment, so I'll pull you off duties for now.
Get yourself ready.
[Interview Room]
Hey.
Now that you're shipping off to the U.S.,
you were really laying into Ms. Joo, weren't you?
Right? My jaw nearly hit the floor.
By the way, what were you two talking about earlier?
Seriously, it's his own celebration,
so why the long face?
He's been doing nothing but downing shots.
I know, right? On such a happy day.
Oh come on, don't tell me
you're sulking because you don't want to buy us drinks?
Oh, no way.
Sounds good.
And for next week's Jeju business trip,
Ms. Joo, you should join us as well.
Me?
What's there for the Audit Office to support...
During your assignment, you worked on the CPK and JV deals.
Bringing along a partner with experience
would make the mood smoother.
Then of course Ms. Joo has to be there.
I'm jealous.
Jeju must be amazing this time of year.
It's my birthday.
How about giving it a try?
What's this?
[Jeon Jae Yeol, Jeju]
Hello.
Let's grab a drink. It's been ages.
You caught what was said in the meeting earlier, right?
Get next week's trip in order.
Why Joo In Ah, of all people?
There's plenty of reason for her to come along.
She's also acquainted with the experienced partner.
Aside from that, the real reason.
What are you trying to pull right now?
What are you doing, Vice Chairman?
You're picking fights while drunk,
shipping off some employee overseas because of personal feelings.
Do you have any idea what people are saying about you right now?
That MD Jeon will end up as the head, and you'll be pushed out.
Do you walk away with minimal damage,
or do you get stripped of everything and tossed aside in disgrace?
That's what everyone's buzzing about.
So at a time like this,
why can't you keep your own feelings in check and stop slipping up?
I've been used to that kind of talk for ages.
And I have regrets.
About letting it sway me,
about not being honest with my own feelings.
So what then?
What are you planning to do, following your heart?
Are you going to die alongside Joo In Ah?
After all, isn't she the woman you'd die with?
The one getting emotional right now seems to be you, not me.
So?
Could you give it all up? For her sake?
If that's what it takes.
What's this?
What made me buy this? Something I don't even use.
From here on out, I'm becoming a real minimalist.
Hey, just leave that be.
You think there are no dishes in the U.S.?
Take it for yourself.
Anyway, looking at it now,
it worked out that you moved into this place.
If I had to scramble for a tenant while I'm off on the U.S. assignment...
Hey, are you even listening?
Ki Jun,
did you know the Vice Chairman and Joo In Ah
are heading to Jeju together next week?
Yeah, I know.
I checked the schedule.
Jeju is where the two of them took a trip together.
That's how precious the memory is to him,
he's even held onto the plane tickets all this time.
How modest of him.
So even the rich go to Jeju for a couple's trip.
Hey, I told you to keep that cup for yourself.
Did you pack everything in?
Hey, set this dish up there too.
You okay?
I'll go get it.
The food we ordered must be here.
What?
Ki Jun.
I'll head out for a bit.
- We're out of bottled water. - Okay.
What?
Did I commit some kind of crime?
I already explained the whole thing.
I just lent her a room, that's all.
Quit pinching me, will you?
What kind of guy are you?
You've got the woman who stayed by your sickbed,
and a separate woman living with you on top of that?
Who do you think you are? What gives you the right?
I don't have the right.
But here's the thing,
she says she doesn't have feelings for me.
What kind of nonsense are you talking?
How would she act like that if she didn't have feelings, huh?
I don't know. That's what she's saying.
She says she's into another guy.
So you'd better drop it too.
You complete dimwit.
How can you only go by what she's saying?
Her behavior, expressions, that look in her eyes,
those are what you should be watching!
Hey, that look in her eyes while watching you sick? That one?
Oh my gosh!
This is so frustrating.
It's a pleasure, by the way.
Pleasure to meet you, too.
- Nice to see you again. - Nice to see you again.
I'm glad you like it.
You should try this.
There's this weird thing where at crucial moments...
I end up hiding what I really feel.
Where's the place in Jeju?
What?
I'm asking where in Jeju Joo In Ah is staying.
Why are you asking,
planning to chase her all the way out there?
I asked you where, right now.
Jeon Jae Yeol, Noh Ki Jun...
both of you have totally lost it.
The terms aren't half bad,
though some fleshing out is needed.
Still, I'd like the investment size to be a bit larger.
That brings bigger risk along with it.
For CPK, it's all just playing with money anyway.
There's no soul in it.
Coming back feels good.
Jeju, I mean,
it was our first and last trip together.
We worked hard to line up the vacation and took the plunge,
yet even back then, all we did was work like this.
The board composition is what worries me most.
In Ah.
It seems you're having trouble focusing,
so I'll review it on my own and report back to you separately.
In Ah, hold on a second.
For just a moment, the two of us,
couldn't we be the way we used to?
That's never going to happen,
us going back to the way we used to be.
Then why did you come back to Korea?
Loyalty.
That promise I made to stand by your side,
this is the last bit of loyalty I owe to it.
It's enough for me.
It doesn't matter if it's loyalty or some other feeling,
just stay right here by my side,
that's all I need.
I won't be doing even that anymore.
Being held captive by that promise,
I made a mistake I shouldn't have made.
And I hurt someone,
someone I should never have hurt.
Are you talking about Mr. Noh?
So that's why I'm telling you,
I'm never coming back to you.
It must be too late, right?
For me to come to you.
Joo In Ah!
Noh Ki Jun...
Why on earth did you check out so soon,
after I went all the way out to that hotel...
[Haemu Audit Team 3]
[Joo In Ah is in an inappropriate relationship with a coworker]
[Send]
By the way, something's been bothering me,
how obvious my feelings for you might be at work.
Clear your whole weekend.
I've booked a pool villa in Sokcho.
Then you should go to Mr. Min's club event this weekend.
What?
You said you'd be on fire once we started dating,
but you're firing work at me like flames instead.
Want to stay for some ramyeon?
Must be fun for you, isn't it,
stuck between two men?
I'm getting a divorce.
I have regrets about everything.
What are you doing here?